---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-25T02:14:23.304Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-25T02:14:05.048Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-25-c5064c7f-6bbf-40cf-8f62-db708f53c473.md
published: true
url: c5064c7f-6bbf-40cf-8f62-db708f53c473/index.html
_type: Article

---
Photography Background

I've had a camera forever. My 21st birthday present from my parents was my first SLR - an Olympus OM-10\. Before that I used my father's camera, and I've had various cameras since. 

I didn't do photography for a long time, except for holiday shots. One of my holidays was a few weeks in South America.

When I met my now wife Deborah I got back into taking photos. That was partly because of her encouragement, but also because I got a new interest in taking photos of people, because I get a new stepson (and subsequently a daughter) as part of the package.

Deborah also encouraged me to do an online photography and photo editing course from the Open University in the UK. That really reignited my interest.

A few years later I joined a camera club in North Wales to try to get better at photography by meeting other photographers and comparing shots. A little after that I also joined a local group of photographers to start taking pictures of models, and also to take photos at various studios in the North West of England.

I also got the opportunity to go to a few small music festivals and get shots of musicians in action. This included getting into the pit at one of the festivals.

Work took me to Mumbai in India for 6 months. I was fortunate to be able to meet up with a group of local photographers to travel around the city and get pictures I couldn't have got anywhere else.

After returning to the UK, business then brought me to the US. I have been lucky enough while here both to do quite a bit of travelling and also to meet up with groups to keep on doing model photography.